PR to support postgres-configuration support for sslRejectUnauthorized: false #1247 (#1277)
ansible/awx-operator: README.md

> It is possible to set a specific username, password, port, or database, but still have the database managed by the operator. In this case, when creating the postgres-configuration secret, the `type: managed` field should be added.

> **Note**. The vairable `sslrejectUnauthorized1 is valid for `external` databases only. The allowed values are: `false`, `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**. The variable `sslrejectUnauthorized` is valid for `external` databases only. The allowed values are: `false`, `true`.
```
